H:\Programming\C#\410project\src\obj\Debug\net6.0\src.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
H:\Programming\C#\410project\src\obj\Debug\net6.0\src.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
H:\Programming\C#\410project\src\obj\Debug\net6.0\src.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
H:\Programming\C#\410project\src\obj\Debug\net6.0\src.AssemblyInfo.cs
H:\Programming\C#\410project\src\obj\Debug\net6.0\src.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\src.exe
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\src.deps.json
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\src.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\src.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\src.pdb
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Azure.Core.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Azure.Identity.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Castle.Core.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Humanizer.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.Core.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Connections.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Diagnostics.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Diagnostics.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.HostFiltering.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.HttpOverrides.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.IIS.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.IISIntegration.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.Kestrel.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.Kestrel.Core.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.Kestrel.Https.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.Kestrel.Transport.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.Kestrel.Transport.Sockets.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebUtilities.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Sqlite.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.CommandLine.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.EnvironmentVariables.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileExtensions.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Json.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.UserSecrets.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Physical.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.FileSystemGlobbing.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Configuration.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Console.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Debug.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.EventSource.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.ConfigurationExtensions.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Identity.Client.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Identity.Client.Extensions.Msal.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Net.Http.Headers.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.SqlServer.Server.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Mono.TextTemplating.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Moq.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Oracle.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\SQLitePCLRaw.provider.e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.CodeDom.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Diagnostics.EventLog.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Diagnostics.PerformanceCounter.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.DirectoryServices.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.DirectoryServices.Protocols.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.IO.Pipelines.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Memory.Data.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Security.Permissions.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Text.Json.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Windows.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-x64\nativeassets\netcoreapp2.2\aspnetcorev2_inprocess.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-x86\nativeassets\netcoreapp2.2\aspnetcorev2_inprocess.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\unix\lib\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-arm\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\alpine-arm\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\alpine-arm64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\alpine-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\browser-wasm\nativeassets\net6.0\e_sqlite3.a
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-arm\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-arm64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-armel\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-mips64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-musl-arm\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-musl-arm64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-musl-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-ppc64le\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-s390x\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-x86\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\maccatalyst-arm64\native\libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\maccatalyst-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-arm\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Diagnostics.EventLog.Messages.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Diagnostics.EventLog.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Diagnostics.PerformanceCounter.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp2.0\System.DirectoryServices.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux\lib\netcoreapp2.0\System.DirectoryServices.Protocols.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\osx\lib\netcoreapp2.0\System.DirectoryServices.Protocols.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp2.0\System.DirectoryServices.Protocols.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\unix\lib\net6.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\netstandard2.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\browser\lib\net6.0\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Windows.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\obj\Debug\net6.0\src.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\obj\Debug\net6.0\src.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\obj\Debug\net6.0\src.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\obj\Debug\net6.0\src.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\obj\Debug\net6.0\src.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\obj\Debug\net6.0\src.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\obj\Debug\net6.0\src.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\src.dll
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\obj\Debug\net6.0\src.pdb
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\obj\Debug\net6.0\src.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\amirr\OneDrive\Desktop\Dawson\Programming\C# I\Project\410project\src\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\src.dll
